<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-US" id="apim-about">

  <title>SnapLogic API Management</title>

  <shortdesc>A suite of features that allow you to create and publish APIs from your own specifications or from your SnapLogic Pipelines and Assets.</shortdesc>

  <conbody>

    <section>
      <title>Overview</title>

      <p>
        You can create APIs from your own specifications or from your SnapLogic Pipelines and Assets.
        To make your APIs available to users outside SnapLogic, you can publish those APIs in a <uicontrol>Developer Portal</uicontrol> that is customized with your own branding.
        You can also create proxies to allow you to integrate with third-party APIs.
      </p>

      <p>
        Your API serves as a container for SnapLogic Assets:
        <ul>
          <li><term>Pipelines</term>. A representation of the API specification and its child Pipelines, if any. Provides the scaffolding of the API’s implementation in the SnapLogic platform.</li>
          <li><term>Tasks</term>. The URI endpoints that are used to trigger Pipeline execution.</li>
          <li><term>Files</term>. The specification file and other files that are associated with the API.</li>
          <li><term>Accounts</term>. Accounts that are used by Pipelines in the API.</li>
          <li><term>Snap Packs</term>. Snap Packs that are used by the Pipelines in the API</li>
        </ul>
      </p>

    </section>


    <section>
      <title>Key Features and Components</title>

      <p>SnapLogic provides API Management features and components to help you develop APIs, manage their lifecycles, and monitor their performance.</p>

      <p>Features include:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1978731409/#CreatinganAPIintheAPIManager-CreatingtheAPIusingDesignFirst">Support for Design First</xref>.
          API Management supports the creation of APIs from <ph conkeyref="k-apim/ph-oas-versions"/>.
          You can design an API based on your specification, then upload a file or reference a URL containing your specification.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/2214690857/">API Lifecycle Management</xref>.
          You can manage the entire lifecycle of an API or API version from creation to publication to deprecation to retirement.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1987183795/">Multiple API Versions</xref>.
          You can modify the initial specification of your API, then create and publish a new version from the modified specification.
        </li>
      </ul>

      <p>Components include:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1978731409/">API Manager</xref>.
          The console where you manage your APIs.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/2424111978/">Portal Manager</xref>.
          The console where you set up and manage your custom <uicontrol>Developer Portal</uicontrol>.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/2426273854/">Developer Portal</xref>.
          The custom site where you publish your APIs for consumption.
          In this site, API consumers can search and browse through your API Catalog and try out your APIs.
          Each API provides basic documentation and its specification.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/2425096912/">Subscription Manager</xref>.
          The console where you can approve and manage subscriptions to published APIs.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1068859547/">API Policies</xref>.
          A suite of security policies that handle authorization, authentication, and traffic control to manage access to your APIs.
          You can apply these policies at various levels, such as the Org, the API, the API version, the <codeph>shared</codeph> folder of the Project Space, and Project folders.
          Org Administrators can define permissions at very level of the hierarchy; API developers can set permissions on their own API versions.
        </li>
        <li>
          <xref scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1201504326/">API Dashboard</xref>.
          The <uicontrol>API</uicontrol> tab in <uicontrol>Dashboard</uicontrol> where you can view the usage and traffic metrics of your APIs.
          You can track the popularity of an API or analyze target and response errors to understand how to enhance the API consumer experience.
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>


    <section>
      <title>Prerequisites</title>
      <ul conkeyref="k-apim/ul-prereq-apim-general"><li/></ul>
    </section>


    <!--
    <section>
      <title>API Management Architecture</title>
    </section>
    -->


    <section>
      <title>The Design-First Workflow</title>

      <div>
        <ul outputclass="chevronchain-lg">
          <li><ph conkeyref="k-apim/ph-oas-versions-create-api"/></li>
          <li>Modify Pipelines</li>
          <li>Set Permissions</li>
          <li>Apply API Policies</li>
          <li>Test and Create Versions</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <p>
        You can create a new API in the <codeph>/apim</codeph> space of the <uicontrol>API Manager</uicontrol> and import or reference an API specification that defines the API.
        The new API comprises a Pipeline that is the scaffolding for the API and the Task used to call it.
        You can then create versions, add API policies, and modify the underlying SnapLogic assets to build the business logic for your API.
        Learn how: Creating the API using Design First
      </p>
    </section>


    <section>
      <title>The Pipeline-First Workflow</title>

      <div>
        <ul outputclass="chevronchain-lg">
          <li>Create Projects</li>
          <li>Build Pipelines</li>
          <li>Create Tasks</li>
          <li>Create API in the API Manager Console</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <p>
        You can also create an API in the API Manager by referencing existing Projects in Manager.
        This allows you to design, build, and test your Pipeline first, thereby taking advantage of your existing SnapLogic infrastructure.
        As you build Pipelines and create Triggered Tasks from them, you vet them for production individually and concurrently.
        When your Pipeline and Tasks are production-ready, you can create APIs in the API Manager. 
        Learn more: Creating the API from Existing Project Assets
      </p>
    </section>


    <section>
      <title>Limitations</title>

      <ul>
        <li>Only one instance of an API policy type is applicable at each level in the hierarchy.</li>
        <li>
          When you open a Task in an API version, you cannot change it to Scheduled (not visible).
          Also, the Task dialog window displays the Snaplex, but it cannot be modified.
        </li>
        <li>In <uicontrol>Designer</uicontrol>, when you open a Pipeline in an API version, the Snaplex selector in the <uicontrol>Edit Pipeline</uicontrol> dialog window only shows the Snaplex instances from the global <codeph>shared</codeph> folder.</li>
        <li>In <uicontrol>Designer</uicontrol>, if you open the Snap dialog window from a Pipeline in the API Management - <codeph>/apim</codeph> space, the asset or account selectors display only the assets from the global <codeph>shared</codeph> folder, in addition to those in the current version.</li>
        <li>
          You can change the Snaplex for an unpublished API version.
          To do so, go to <uicontrol>API Manager</uicontrol>, choose the API, go to the <uicontrol>Versions</uicontrol> tab, choose the version, click <uicontrol>Edit Details</uicontrol>, and choose from the <uicontrol>Server</uicontrol> dropdown.
          Note: This field is disabled if the API version is published or if the Snaplex is down.
        </li>
      </ul>

    </section>

  </conbody>

  <related-links>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1437955">
      <linktext>Ultra Task Pipelines</linktext>
    </link>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1438189">
      <linktext>Triggered Tasks</linktext>
    </link>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1439307">
      <linktext>Projects</linktext>
    </link>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SD/pages/1439040">
      <linktext>Project Spaces</linktext>
    </link>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/x/BvIV">
      <linktext>Access Control for Triggered and Ultra Tasks</linktext>
    </link>
    <link scope="external" format="html" href="https://docs-snaplogic.atlassian.net/wiki/x/sPYV">
      <linktext>Tasks Page</linktext>
    </link>
  </related-links>

</concept>
